So in this model we implemented a lot of changes and improvements to our code structure and all the
will lead to the error handling and so on.
Now let's do a test run for deployment will not deployed yet but I want to see if it would work if I
build it for production.
So like with Def server and then will run Engy build dash dash fraud to both for production which will
also use ahead of time compilation which means that the entire angle or templates are already optimized
and compiled now.
So that in the browser dishtowels has to be done again and therefore the angle starts faster.
So we do this by running Engy build dash dash Pre-OT and this will now optimize our code strip out unnecessary
code and really give us a good bundle which we can deploy.
And give us an error.
This is why I wanted to do this test run.
The error is coming from our environments file.
The problem there is that we can't initialize firebase for our production build because we're doing
this in the environment or TS file but Derrida's firebase key is only available in our well development
environment for the production varment.
We should at the same set up for our environment.
Perrott that TS file like this.
If we do this and we rerun the command it today actually finished the build process successfully and
this is one important step you have to do to ensure that your app will later work correctly.
Once you run it on a real server.
So let's not wait for it to finish and see if we got any other errors.
The build process finished successfully and with that we should be saved later deploy it.
With that I'm happy with all the optimizations we put into place.
Let's see what else we can do with our app.